
When my roommate comes into the room
Looking for his car keys
I don't say it yet
And when he gets me off the couch
To check underneath the couch cushions
I don't say it yet, no
And then when he says out loud
"I wonder where my car keys are"
I still don't say it (I still don't say it yet)
But then he asks me
"Do you know where my car keys are"
I look at him in his face and I say


Have you checked your butthole?
Ski-dap, ba-dap, butthole
I have not seen your keys, but since you're askin' me
You better check up that butthole
Of course I'm not serious
I don't think it's up inside your big brown business
But a funny thing to say
To someone who's lost their shit and is stressed out visibly


When I see the best man start to sweat
I don't say it yet (Ski-dap, ba-dap)
When I see that little ring bearer cunt
Getting yelled at by his mum
Oh, I still don't say it
When I see the groom asking the vicar
If they can wait just another fifteen minutes
I do not say it (Ski-bap, ba-da)
And when the father of the bride
Starts organizing an ad-hoc emu bob of the courtyard area
I want to, but I do not say it
It's the eleventh hour
With three-hundred congregates under God's roof
The vicar approaches the mic
And suddenly, all of the chatter goes mute
He says that they've misplaced the rings
Could anyone possibly know where they are?
I know it's my time as all heads turn as I stand and say, "Vicar"


Have you checked your butthole?
Ski-dap, ba-dap, butthole
I have not seen your ring, but have you checked your ring?
And by ring, I mean butthole
Love is patient, love is kind
But if you ask me where you can find
Literally anything you've lost before
I'm gonna suggest that it's up your butthole


"Where's my phone?" Is it up your butthole?
"I lost my loan," have you checked up your butthole?
"I'm losing my patience," check your anus
"Where's your class?" I think it's stuck up your ass
"I just lost my grandma"
Oh my god, I'm so sorry
"Are you capable of not saying she's up my asshole?"
Of course, my condolences
"I'm not looking for a silly joke right now"
Yeah, yeah... what are you looking for?
"Honestly, just like, a shoulder to cry—"

Have you checked your butthole?
Ski-dap, ba-dap, butthole
Maybe you'll find your dead grandma up there too
Oh, I fuckin' got you, butthole
My family hate me
This might be the reason that I've got no close friends
Fuckin' worth it, baby

There was a giant meteorite
It blew a hole in the Earth
We are the only two humans left
I know it's shocking news, but it's down to you and me to

Repopulate (Repopulate)
We've got to copulate
Repopulate (It's time to fuck)
We've got to copulate
Repopulate (Repopulate)
There is no time to wait
I don't really want to, but we have to for mankind

We've got to fuck for mankind
Have a sixty-nine for mankind
And if you see me smiling when we're having sex
Just know that it's because I am thinking of all the
Human beings that we're saving by having
Fuckin' hot apocalyptic sex
I am Gandhi, you're Mother Teresa
Let's do an Alaskan Pipeline for mankind

We've got to fuck for mankind
It's time to make some love
Spit in my mouth for mankind
I think I'm almost done
Now that I'm finished for mankind
I'm going to go cry in the shower for
Mankind